feat: x3 charybdis json files with extra menu for the maccel params (#3)
finrod09/qmk_userspace_features: maccel/readme.md

Create a custom via definition: Find your keyboard's via definition in the [via keyboards repository](https://github.com/the-via/keyboards/tree/master/v3) if you did not create your own.

> Extend its `menus` configuration by placing the [menu definition](assets/via.json) on the `menu` node. Completed examples are provided for those keyboards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extend its `menus` configuration by placing the [menu definition](assets/via.json) on the `menu` node. Completed examples are provided for these keyboards:
```
I believe that should be worded as `these`, since the list of keyboards is defined in the following and wasn't mentioned previously.

Author: done.

> Extend its `menus` configuration by placing the [menu definition](assets/via.json) on the `menu` node. Completed examples are provided for those BastardKBs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extend its `menus` configuration by placing the [menu definition](assets/via.json) on the `menu` node. Completed examples are provided for these keyboards:
```

We probably don't need to mention the vendor at all, since it might make the impression that we only support BastardKB boards.
If you wanted to include the Vendor, I'd suggest adding it to each entry in the list, but that might look cluttered quickly.
